Sentence,Sentiment
You melt my heart.,Positive
You’re my favorite person ever.,Positive
I am so happy someone like you exists.,Positive
You make me smile.,Positive
You make my heart warm and happy.,Positive
When I’m with you it feels like home.,Positive
I am so inspired by you,Positive
You will forever be a part of me.,Positive
I’m addicted to you.,Positive
I’m in love with you.,Positive
You matter so much to me.,Positive
I’m rather partial to you.,Positive
I’ve got a thing for you.,Positive
I adore you.,Positive
You are my angel.,Positive
You are my soul mate.,Positive
You are my addiction.,Positive
I’m drawn to you.,Positive
You’re my prince/princess.,Positive
I’ve got a crush on you.,Positive
I’ll always choose you.,Positive
You’ve got what I need.,Positive
I have feelings for you.,Positive
I’m fond of you.,Positive
I love you more and more every day.,Positive
I’m all about you.,Positive
I’m down with you.,Positive
I’m happy just to see you happy.,Positive
You are my favorite.,Positive
Let’s get it on.,Positive
I think you’re the one.,Positive
We make a good team.,Positive
I had an amazing time with you.,Positive
I feel something for you.,Positive
My heart calls out for you.,Positive
I idolize you.,Positive
You’re my sunshine.,Positive
I’m crazy about you.,Positive
For you I will risk it all.,Positive
You are worth the wait.,Positive
I’m under your spell.,Positive
I appreciate you., Positive
I’m ready to take it to the next level.,Positive
I’m enamored with you.,Positive
You turn me inside out.,Positive
You’re my dream come true.,Positive
I feel so lucky to have you.,Positive
You are the apple of my eyes.,Positive
You are the object of my affection.,Positive
I’m out of breath for you.,Positive
You’re a disappointment to me.,Negative
I don’t care if you live or die.,Negative
I used to care about you. Now? I regret every second I wasted.,Negative
How do you think I feel? I’m pissed off!,Negative
Go. Just go.,Negative
If you come back I won’t be here.,Negative
I’ve never despised someone as much as I despise you.,Negative
Ha! You think I care about you? What do you think I am desperate?,Negative
I regret ever saying ‘hello’.,Negative
Leave and don’t come back ever.,Negative
Remember when we first met? I wish I didn’t.,Negative
You’re the worst mistake I’ve ever made.,Negative
Don’t touch me. Don’t even look at me.,Negative
I saw a trash bag on the side of the road today. Reminded me of you.,Negative
I could have been doing so much better than wasting my time with you.,Negative
You’re a sick bastard you know that?,Negative
I don’t care.,Negative
Go ahead leave. Don’t worry about coming back.,Negative
You’re such a piece of shit.,Negative
I didn’t think you could be any more of a shithead but you just proved me wrong.,Negative
You’re so stupid.,Negative
Why do I waste my time with you?,Negative
You’re not the person I thought you were.,Negative
Hey! Just a daily reminder: you’re a piece of shit!,Negative
I deserve so much better.,Negative
We’re not friends. We were never friends!,Negative
I pretended to like you because I felt bad for you! How did you fall for that?,Negative
I never want to see you again.,Negative
You’ve done nothing but make my life a living hell.,Negative
Don’t apologize - you don’t deserve my forgiveness!,Negative
No I’m never giving you another chance!,Negative
I wish you were never born.,Negative
You’re the last person I wanted to see right now.,Negative
I’d rather be working with anyone else in the whole world right now.,Negative
When you get back your shit’s gonna be on the front lawn. Take it and get out.,Negative
Go ahead choose them! You deserve each other.,Negative
I don’t know what they see in you.,Negative
You’re an embarrassment to me.,Negative
You’re an embarrassment to all of us.,Negative
I wish it was you. I wish it was you to die instead of them.,Negative
God why did I have to end up working with the biggest asshole in the world?,Negative
How could you think I ever loved you? You seriously think I’d sink that low?,Negative
Sorry I just puked in my mouth a bit. I accidentally looked at your face.,Negative
How can you even live with yourself?,Negative
If I was your mirror I’d break myself just so you would throw me in the trash and I wouldn’t have to look at you.,Negative
Being with you was the worst time of my life.,Negative
You’re a monster.,Negative
Not a day goes by that I don’t wake up wishing I was dead because of you.,Negative
I’m going to ruin your fucking life.,Negative
You said you would change but you never did! You never will!,Negative