Sentence,First,Second
You melt,my,heart
You’re my favorite,person,ever
I am so happy someone like,you,exists
You make,me,smile
You make my heart warm,and,happy
When I’m with you it feels,like,home
I am so inspired,by,you
You will forever be a part,of,me
I’m addicted,to,you
I’m in love,with,you
You matter so much,to,me
I’m rather partial,to,you
I’ve got a thing,for,you
I,adore,you
You are,my,angel
You are my,soul,mate
You are,my,addiction
I’m drawn,to,you
You’re,my,prince/princess
I’ve got a crush,on,you
I’ll always,choose,you
You’ve got what,I,need
I have feelings,for,you
I’m fond,of,you
I love you more and more,every,day
I’m all,about,you
I’m down,with,you
I’m happy just to see,you,happy
You are,my,favorite
Let’s get,it,on
I think you’re,the,one
We make a,good,team
I had an amazing time,with,you
I feel something,for,you
My heart calls out,for,you
I,idolize,you
You’re,my,sunshine
I’m crazy,about,you
For you I will risk,it,all
You are worth,the,wait
I’m under,your,spell
I,appreciate,you
I’m ready to take it to the,next,level
I’m enamored,with,you
You turn me,inside,out
You’re my dream,come,true
I feel so lucky to,have,you
You are the apple of,my,eyes
You are the object of,my,affection
I’m out of breath,for,you
You’re a disappointment,to,me
I don’t care if you live,or,die
I used to care about you. Now? I regret every second,I,wasted
How do you think I feel? I’m,pissed,off
Go.,Just,go
If you come back I won’t,be,here
I’ve never despised someone as much as I,despise,you
Ha! You think I care about you? What do you think I,am,desperate
I regret ever,saying,‘hello’
Leave and don’t come,back,ever
Remember when we first met? I wish,I,didn’t
You’re the worst mistake I’ve,ever,made
Don’t touch me. Don’t even look,at,me
I saw a trash bag on the side of the road today. Reminded me,of,you
I could have been doing so much better than wasting my time,with,you
You’re a sick bastard you,know,that
I,don’t,care
Go ahead leave. Don’t worry about,coming,back
You’re such a piece,of,shit
I didn’t think you could be any more of a shithead but you just proved,me,wrong
You’re,so,stupid
Why do I waste my time,with,you
You’re not the person I thought,you,were
Hey! Just a daily reminder: you’re a piece,of,shit
I deserve so,much,better
We’re not friends. We were,never,friends
I pretended to like you because I felt bad for you! How did you fall,for,that
I never want to see,you,again
You’ve done nothing but make my life a,living,hell
Don’t apologize - you don’t deserve,my,forgiveness
No I’m never giving you,another,chance
I wish you were,never,born
You’re the last person I wanted to see,right,now
I’d rather be working with anyone else in the whole world,right,now
When you get back your shit’s gonna be on the front lawn. Take it and,get,out
Go ahead choose them! You deserve,each,other
I don’t know what they see,in,you
You’re an embarrassment,to,me
You’re an embarrassment to all,of,us
I wish it was you. I wish it was you to die instead,of,them
God why did I have to end up working with the biggest asshole in,the,world
How could you think I ever loved you? You seriously think I’d sink,that,low
Sorry I just puked in my mouth a bit. I accidentally looked at,your,face
How can you even live,with,yourself
If I was your mirror I’d break myself just so you would throw me in the trash and I wouldn’t have to look,at,you
Being with you was the worst time of,my,life
You’re,a,monster
Not a day goes by that I don’t wake up wishing I was dead because,of,you
I’m going to ruin your,fucking,life
You said you would change but you never did! You,never,will